---
layout: post
title: Random thoughts
date:   2016-06-28 17:08:51
categories: hidden
published: false
---

Recently I've read several articles on the topic of "Yulin dog meat festival". People post hundreds of comments under each article with arguments coming from dozens of perspectives. To name a few:

1.Bring other animals onto the table(pig/chicken)?
2.Question U.S NGOs on being the 'worldwide police'?
3.There are more dogs to rescue in the States than China
4.Not/Respect other cultures
5.Which one is worse? U.S or China?
6.Plant diets/Go vegan/Soylent/Alien food commercials
7.(Links to cute animal videos to raise the feelings of empathy)
8.Visciously attacking other commenters(and their parents)
9.Racist comments toward other countries
10.Rational thinking and debate with other commenters

If I were to respond I would go with:
1. One problem at a time
2. Don't derail from the topic
3. One problem at a time
4. Don't over-generalize
5. Don't over-generalize, do these folks also over-generalize Muslims?
6. Thank you for bringing in alternatives
7. Thank you for utilizing the emotion negotiation tactic
8. Moderators will probably delete the downvoted comments, if there is a moderator, that is, and if there is a downvote button.
9. See my response to #8
10.Read and learn from other people's perspectives


But seriously, people can do whatever they want. But #4 kept me thinking, can we bring OOP(Object-oriented-programming) into this issue?

Let's take a look at the following scenarios:

Scenario A: Female genital mutilation in Africa

class Earth():
  // Every single person that our mother earth owns
  var people = Collection(prototype:Person)

class Location():
  var longitude, latitude

class Region():
  var location = Object(prototype:Location))

class Culture():
  var origin = Object(prototype:Region)

class Action():
  ""e.g, Eat, sleep, love""
  var desc = String('Description on what the  action is')

class Person():
  var culture = Object(prototype:Culture)
  var race = Object(prototype:Race)
  var meta = Array(age/height/hair color/etc.)
  


Now let's breakdown the scenario into programmable variables:

Who: africanWomen = Collection(prototype:Person)
What: GenitalMutilation(prototype:Action))
Where: Africa(prototype:Region)

Now let's break argument #4 down:

Who: internetHabitants = Collection(prototype:Person)
What: disagree(prototype:Action)




Scenario B: 


And finally, Scenario C: Dog eating in Yulin, China
